.\" Man page for the OrbitKit CLI
.\" Generate with: groff -man -Tascii orbitkit.1
.TH ORBITKIT 1 "2026-03-12" "1.0.0" "OrbitKit CLI Manual"
.
.SH NAME
orbitkit \- CLI for OrbitKit privacy policy hosting for iOS developers
.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B orbitkit
.RI [ global-options ]
.I command
.RI [ command-options ]
.RI [ arguments ]
.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B orbitkit
is a command-line interface for the OrbitKit platform, which hosts
privacy policies, support pages, data deletion pages, TestFlight
landing pages, and Apple App Site Association files for iOS apps.
.PP
The CLI wraps the OrbitKit REST API, enabling automation from CI/CD
pipelines, shell scripts, and developer terminals. It uses API key
authentication via environment variables \(em no credentials are
stored on disk.
.PP
All app-scoped commands accept an optional
.I appId
argument. If omitted, the value of
.B ORBITKIT_APP_ID
is used.
.
.SH GLOBAL OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-\-json
Output all results as JSON. Useful for scripting and piping to
.BR jq (1).
.TP
.B \-\-debug
Enable debug output (HTTP requests, response codes, request IDs).
Debug output is written to stderr so it does not interfere with
stdout data.
.TP
.BR \-V ", " \-\-version
Print version number and exit.
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Display help for the given command or the main program.
.
.SH COMMANDS
.SS Account
.TP
.B whoami
Display the authenticated user's email, name, app count, and
subscription status. Useful for verifying that your API key is
valid and correctly configured.
.
.SS App Management
.TP
.BI "apps list"
List all apps in the account. Output includes app ID, name, and
creation date.
.TP
.BI "apps create " name
Create a new app with the given display name. Prints the new app ID
on success.
.TP
.BI "apps delete " appId " " [ \-y ]
Delete an app and all its associated data (site, policy, pages,
well-known files, deploy history). Prompts for confirmation unless
.B \-y
is passed.
.B This action is irreversible.
.
.SS Deploy
.TP
.BI "deploy " [ appId ]
Deploy the app's site to production. Renders all configured pages
(privacy policy, support, deletion, TestFlight, nutrition labels)
and publishes them. Requires an active subscription.
.TP
.BI "deploy\-history " [ appId ]
Show the deploy history for the app. Lists deploy timestamps,
included pages, and site URLs. Newest deploys are listed first
(max 50 entries).
.
.SS Privacy Policy
.TP
.BI "policy get " [ appId ]
Print the current privacy policy wizard data as JSON.
.TP
.BI "policy set " [ appId ] " " file
Upload a privacy policy from a JSON file. The file should match
the OrbitKit policy schema (see the API docs for field definitions).
.
.SS Site Configuration
.TP
.BI "site get " [ appId ]
Print the current site configuration (name, slug, icon URL,
domain, subscription status).
.TP
.BI "site update " [ appId ] " " [ \-\-name " " name ] " " [ \-\-description " " desc ] " " [ \-\-slug " " slug ]
Update site properties. Only provided fields are changed.
.TP
.BI "site icon " [ appId ] " " file
Upload an app icon (PNG or JPEG, max 2\ MB). The icon is
automatically processed: resized, re-encoded to strip EXIF
payloads, and the dominant color is extracted for theming.
.TP
.BI "site domain set " [ appId ] " " domain
Configure a custom domain (e.g., privacy.myapp.com). Returns
DNS instructions (CNAME record) that must be configured at
your DNS provider.
.TP
.BI "site domain status " [ appId ]
Check the DNS verification and SSL provisioning status for the
custom domain. Status values:
.B pending_dns
(CNAME not yet detected),
.B pending_ssl
(DNS verified, SSL certificate being issued),
.B active
(fully configured),
.B error
(configuration issue).
.TP
.BI "site domain remove " [ appId ]
Remove the custom domain and associated SSL certificate.
.
.SS Support Page
.TP
.BI "support get " [ appId ]
Print the support page configuration.
.TP
.BI "support set " [ appId ] " " file
Upload support page configuration from a JSON file. Required
fields: contactEmail, faqItems (array). Optional: contactPhone,
contactUrl, contactAddress, supportHours, additionalInfo.
.
.SS Data Deletion Page
.TP
.BI "deletion get " [ appId ]
Print the data deletion page configuration.
.TP
.BI "deletion set " [ appId ] " " file
Upload data deletion page from a JSON file. Required fields:
supportsAccounts (boolean), deletionMethods, deletionSteps,
deletionTimeline.
.
.SS AASA (Apple App Site Association)
.TP
.BI "aasa get " [ appId ]
Print the AASA configuration (Universal Links, App Clips,
Web Credentials, Handoff).
.TP
.BI "aasa set " [ appId ] " " file
Upload AASA configuration from a JSON file. The file should
contain universalLinks, appClips, webCredentials, and/or
activityContinuation objects. Each contains an appIDs array
with entries in the format "TEAMID.com.example.app".
.
.SS Smart App Banner
.TP
.BI "banner get " [ appId ]
Print the Smart App Banner configuration.
.TP
.BI "banner set " [ appId ] " " file
Upload Smart App Banner config from a JSON file. Required:
appStoreId (numeric string). Optional: affiliateData,
appArgument, appClipBundleId, appClipDisplay.
.
.SS Well-Known Files
.TP
.BI "well\-known upload " [ appId ] " " file " " [ \-\-name " " fileName ]
Upload a well-known domain verification file. The file name is
auto-detected from the path, or can be overridden with
.BR \-\-name .
Supported files:
.RS
.IP \(bu 3
.B apple\-developer\-domain\-association.txt
\(em Sign in with Apple domain verification
.IP \(bu 3
.B apple\-developer\-merchantid\-domain\-association
\(em Apple Pay merchant domain verification
.IP \(bu 3
.B apple\-wallet\-order\-type\-association
\(em Apple Wallet Order Tracking domain verification
.RE
.
.SS TestFlight Page
.TP
.BI "testflight get " [ appId ]
Print the TestFlight landing page configuration.
.TP
.BI "testflight set " [ appId ] " " file
Upload TestFlight page config from a JSON file. Required fields:
enabled (boolean), testFlightUrl (https://testflight.apple.com/join/XXXXXX),
feedbackEmail. Optional: betaDescription (max 2000 chars),
requirements (max 500 chars).
.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B ORBITKIT_API_KEY
.RI ( required )
API key for authentication. Keys use the
.B ok_
prefix, which enables GitHub secret scanning auto-detection.
Create keys in the OrbitKit dashboard under Settings \(-> API Keys.
.TP
.B ORBITKIT_APP_ID
.RI ( optional )
Default app ID used when the
.I appId
argument is omitted from app-scoped commands.
.TP
.B ORBITKIT_API_ENDPOINT
.RI ( optional )
Override the API base URL. Default:
.BR https://api.orbitkit.io .
Useful for development or self-hosted instances.
.TP
.B ORBITKIT_DEBUG
Set to
.B 1
to enable debug output (equivalent to
.BR \-\-debug ).
.TP
.B NO_COLOR
Disable colored output per the
.UR https://no-color.org/
no-color.org
.UE
standard. Also respected:
.BR ORBITKIT_NO_COLOR .
.
.SH EXIT CODES
.TP
.B 0
Success.
.TP
.B 1
General error (server error, network failure, unknown error).
.TP
.B 2
Validation error (invalid input, missing argument, bad file format).
Error codes beginning with
.B E2
indicate validation issues.
.TP
.B 3
Authentication error (missing or invalid API key, insufficient
permissions). Error codes beginning with
.B E3
indicate auth issues.
.TP
.B 130
Interrupted by SIGINT (Ctrl+C).
.
.SH ERROR CODES
All errors include a trackable code for documentation lookup:
.TP
.B E2001
App ID required but not provided.
.TP
.B E2002
Invalid JSON file format.
.TP
.B E2003
File not found.
.TP
.B E3001
API key not set.
.TP
.B E5001
Cannot connect to API (network error).
.PP
API-level errors use standard codes:
.BR UNAUTHORIZED ", " FORBIDDEN ", "
.BR NOT_FOUND ", " VALIDATION_FAILED ", "
.BR SUBSCRIPTION_REQUIRED ", " RATE_LIMITED ", "
.BR APP_LIMIT_REACHED ", " DEPLOY_FAILED .
.
.SH EXAMPLES
.SS Verify your API key
.PP
.nf
.RS
$ export ORBITKIT_API_KEY=ok_BRTRKF...
$ orbitkit whoami
Email   user@example.com
Name    Jane Developer
Apps    3
.RE
.fi
.
.SS List apps and deploy
.PP
.nf
.RS
$ orbitkit apps list
App ID         Name              Created
\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-  \-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-  \-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-
\-NtestApp123   My Weather App    3/15/2025

$ orbitkit deploy \-NtestApp123
\(ok Deployed: https://sites.orbitkit.io/my-weather-app/
.RE
.fi
.
.SS Use with a default app ID
.PP
.nf
.RS
$ export ORBITKIT_APP_ID=\-NtestApp123
$ orbitkit site get
$ orbitkit policy get
$ orbitkit deploy
.RE
.fi
.
.SS Upload a privacy policy from a file
.PP
.nf
.RS
$ orbitkit policy set policy.json
\(ok Policy updated.

$ orbitkit deploy
\(ok Deployed: https://sites.orbitkit.io/my-weather-app/
.RE
.fi
.
.SS Configure a TestFlight landing page
.PP
.nf
.RS
$ cat testflight.json
{
  "enabled": true,
  "testFlightUrl": "https://testflight.apple.com/join/AbCdEf",
  "feedbackEmail": "beta@myapp.com",
  "betaDescription": "Test the new photo filters",
  "requirements": "iOS 17.0+, iPhone only"
}

$ orbitkit testflight set testflight.json
\(ok TestFlight page updated.
.RE
.fi
.
.SS Upload a well-known file
.PP
.nf
.RS
$ orbitkit well\-known upload apple\-developer\-merchantid\-domain\-association
\(ok Uploaded apple\-developer\-merchantid\-domain\-association
.RE
.fi
.
.SS Set up a custom domain
.PP
.nf
.RS
$ orbitkit site domain set privacy.myapp.com
domain          privacy.myapp.com
status          pending_dns
dnsInstructions Add a CNAME record: privacy.myapp.com -> sites.orbitkit.io

$ orbitkit site domain status
domain          privacy.myapp.com
dnsVerified     true
sslProvisioned  true
status          active
.RE
.fi
.
.SS JSON output for scripting
.PP
.nf
.RS
$ orbitkit \-\-json apps list | jq '.[].appId'
"\-NtestApp123"
"\-NprodApp456"

$ SITE_URL=$(orbitkit \-\-json deploy | jq \-r '.url')
$ echo "Deployed to $SITE_URL"
.RE
.fi
.
.SS Use in CI/CD (GitHub Actions)
.PP
.nf
.RS
env:
  ORBITKIT_API_KEY: ${{ secrets.ORBITKIT_API_KEY }}
  ORBITKIT_APP_ID: ${{ vars.ORBITKIT_APP_ID }}

steps:
  \- run: npx orbitkit deploy
.RE
.fi
.
.SH SECURITY
.TP
.B No stored credentials
Authentication is via the
.B ORBITKIT_API_KEY
environment variable only. No credentials are written to disk,
no login sessions are persisted, and no config files store secrets.
.TP
.B Key masking
The API key is never printed in full. Display uses the format
.BR ok_BRTRKF...XXHCG .
.TP
.B Secret scanning
The
.B ok_
key prefix enables automatic detection by
.UR https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/secret-scanning
GitHub secret scanning
.UE ,
alerting you if a key is accidentally committed to a repository.
.TP
.B Input validation
All inputs are validated before sending to the API. File paths and
user-provided strings are not interpolated into shell commands.
.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I cli/scripts/validate\-aasa.sh
Xcode Build Phase script for validating AASA configuration against
your app's entitlements. See
.BR orbitkit\-validate\-aasa (1).
.
.SH COMPATIBILITY
Requires Node.js 22 or later (uses built-in
.BR fetch ).
Tested on macOS, Linux, and Windows (via WSL or PowerShell).
.PP
Terminal color output respects the
.B NO_COLOR
standard and degrades gracefully on dumb terminals.
.
.SH BUGS
Report bugs at
.UR https://github.com/IamGoodBad/OrbitKit-CLI/issues
.UE .
.
.SH SEE ALSO
.TP
OrbitKit Dashboard:
.UR https://orbitkit.io/dashboard
.UE
.TP
API Documentation:
.UR https://orbitkit.io/api
.UE
.TP
Apple TestFlight:
.UR https://developer.apple.com/testflight/
.UE
.TP
Apple App Site Association:
.UR https://developer.apple.com/documentation/bundleresources/applinks
.UE
.
.SH AUTHORS
OrbitKit Team
.UR https://orbitkit.io
.UE
